Oops, forgot to mute my personal phone.
Sorry, I need to take this
This is crazy.
I actually thought he was Yunyao
Hello, please hold the line.
The number you dialed is on the phone
He told me.
Then come to me tomorrow with the agreement
How dare you seduce my fiancé
It's ridiculous
You have only been in the company for half a month.
You and I are not familiar
Not to mention your fiancé, you still pretend
If you are mentally ill, go to the hospital
Don't mess around here
How dare you hit my bodyguard?
Ah!
Dare to rob my people
I'm useless
Stop it!
How can you be so bullying?
Are you all right?
Manager Liu, I kindly remind you
He's a slut
I don't know how many men are out there
Don't be a fool to be a pick-up man
What nonsense are you talking about?
I am your leader.
It is the leader who takes special care of him
Manager Liu
I suggest you stay out of your business.
Otherwise I'll let you walk around
The bodyguard pulled him away
Chen Piting, don't mess around
You can't hide your smelly smell
What else are you wearing?
You let go. You let go.